Well let's keep going with the read typology.
I'm really hoping we can get this done today.
I'm really looking forward to moving on to the next part.
Let's take a look at these fingers.
I've got the four fingers here and the thumb here.
I'll go ahead and select all of those and press control Jay and join them into all one object.
Now what I'd like to do is mirror them over to the other side.
So the 3D cursor is still down here in the center of the grid.
So all I should need to do is just go to the set origin menu and move the origin to the 3D cursor.
Now let's make sure in the properties panel that the rotation and scale are applied and they're not.
We've got a lot of values here that we don't want.
So let's just press control a and I'll choose rotation and scale.
Then there we go.
Now we should be able to come over here to the modifiers panel add a modifier and choose mirror.
There we go.
So now it's mirrored over to the other side.
I going to go ahead and apply that and then I will join it with this piece here.
So I'll just select the hand's shift select the rest of the body and press control J.
And then we go.
Now for the rest of this little tunic or loincloths or whatever we're going to call it here.
I think what I'd like to do is make a solid piece here so we can't see up her skirt.
Now that might be a little embarrassing and we'd have to do a lot of other modeling that I don't think
we wanted to do with this.
So I'm just going to close this off and I'm also going to then use the skirt the edge up here the skirt.
It's not a skirt is it.
Don't call it a skirt.
Use this edge to extrude up to the belt or use that edge to extrude the belt.
So let's first see if we can close this off a little bit to protect his modesty.
I'm going to select this edge and I'm just going to extrude and Scantlin just a bit.
And then what I'd like to do is scale up and close this off at the top of the of the legs.
So with that edge selected I will press e and I'm going to scale in.
But I'm also going to pull up a bit like this and then B and then scale in and then pull up a bit like
this.
Let me hit the Z key to go to wireframe and we're pretty much to the top there of his legs.
I can always extend those legs up higher if I need to but we'll just go ahead and hit the scale and
pull them up just a little bit more like so and then I'm going to hit one more time and press Allt M
and choose to merge at the center.
And we go right so Z to go back out of wireframe and see you can see I've just created a dome up in
there just to make sure we don't see up the skirt.
Now for the front and back pieces that kind of hang down farther let's go back to the front view I'll
hit the one key on the numpad and the five key.
So it looks like I could extrude this piece out and then extrude it down toward the feet.
So let me try that.
I think what I'd like to do is just some points here to get the basic shape of that front piece first.
And I think I want to work in symmetry so I'm going to press control tab and get a face mode and just
with the Beaky and border select just select half of this piece and then I'm going to delete it with
X and faces.
And now what I want to do is apply a mirror modifier again.
And we go and I'll choose clipping and I'll also adjust it.
Cage here.
Now what I want to do is go to something like vertex mode and select this and either press control V
and go to slide like this.
Which was also shift to B and just began arranging these.
So they kind of have that shape of that front panel.
Now you can also press the G key twice and that will slide that along that edge as well.
Well now that I have the basic shape of that front flap I think when I want to do is go to face mode
and select these faces.
And I like to extrude it out just a little bit just to differentiate it from the main piece.
So that easy and I'll just drag straight out like that.
All right.
Now I'm going to take all of these faces and I want to go back to the front view and take a look at
the drawing and I'm just going to extrude it straight down like this.
Talk about where that ends.
Thinking about how this top piece is going to intersect with the belt.
I think what I want to do is merge these points right here so I'll press out in time and at last and
do the same thing here.
And then I'm going to come back here and do the same thing with this piece back here try and shape it
to how I want it to look.
So once again I'll just select these and shift the
and slide those along that edge and just like with the previous one I selected these faces.
And let's just extrude straight out like that.
Go ahead.
Well I'm up here and collapse these points.
With Allt am
and then extrude these down.
I can always use the other layer right here as a guide.
This is the high resolution layer.
I can use this to extrude down like this
maybe pull it out a bit.
All right let's think about the belt here and now before I do this.
I think I'm going to apply that mirror modifier.
So I'll go ahead and apply that here.
Then go back and now I can scale this out.
Without too much difficulty.
So for this I'll just hit E and then scale out
and then I'll hit me and let's drag this straight up
and then extrude this and again
so now for the lips of the character let's go up and take a look at these.
I think I'll need to look at the side view of my character.
All right so it looks like I just need a little bit more of a lip here and I need to extrude this in
and connect it up.
So with this I think I want to just pull these out just a bit.
Like so
and I also like this whole edge around the mouth.
And let's just extrude this and then scale it in just a bit.
I'm going to scale in the z some scaled in the X just a bit.
And I'll do that again.
I'll take this edge and I'll extrude it.
And this time I scaled again and the Z
will move it all back just a bit.
I like that now I'm going to go ahead and try and hook these up.
I don't know if this will work completely but let's give it a shot.
I'm going to select these two and merge at the center as well as these and these and then I think I
will take this point and merge it together at the center and this point.
No this point here and merge it at the center.
Then I'm left with these trying to figure out what to do with these.
For now we could try just this.
Go ahead and connect them up here.
This may be something that I revisit.
We'll see how this works.
Now for the eyes what I'll probably do is go and re create these particular eyes.
These eyes are pretty high poly If I recall.
So I'll take these two and I'll go ahead and duplicate them with shifty and then I'm going to move them
over with the key to the third layer.
And let's see how that works.
So now I've got those eyes over here and I've still got to create the little Buckel pieces that go on
the front of the strap and the belt.
But generally speaking we have gone from over seven million trials to under ten thousand trials.
That's not bad.
That's the kind of thing we want.
So in the next part of this series we're going to begin working on U-V mapping the low poly character
here and it's onto those U-V maps that we will then make our normal maps from the high resolution sculped.
So stay tuned for all of that.